Is Miss Qu going to pack me for the night?
It's okay not to introduce
gorgeous
Met new friends
New friends
Pei Xincheng's new friend
I know most of your friends
This Mr. Pei
Never heard of it.
You don't mind if I say we work together at the Huanse Club
Ah.
Miss Qu and I just met at the sex club last night
In a sense
We are really hard
Huanse Club
Those are rich women fooling around
Grandpa, what he said is true
Did you go to the sex club last night?
Yeah, are you mad?
Are you going to break up?
Is this a restaurant?
Go back and talk
Passing by uh
No, I'm sorry.
Miss Qu packed me
My time belongs to him
In other words
His time is mine too
I let him
Is Sister Yuan coming with me?
No, you deliberately provoked me in this way, didn't you?
I thought you were just a little bit arrogant, but I didn't expect you to be more and more unreasonable
So are you breaking up?
Enough trouble, no, no
Come on. Let's eat somewhere else.